Stage 1 is important because it will give Colin a firmer empirical foundation for his BBCS talk.
His Moncton talk, which is in ~2 weeks should be based on his PSYO3000 report.

Stage 1:
a) Improving the subject experience
    i) Make sure that the fixation remains present UNTIL the first target is displayed
    ii) Change the fixation display background to white
    iii) Change the “no-Waldo” display screen to a homogenous colour
         (something generated by a colour average of the Waldo picture being removed on removed trials
         and on no-Waldo trials, perhaps select one of these at random)
    iv) Let’s make the “timeout” time a parameter we can set in the program and let’s try 1 sec for starters
        (if the participant hasn’t fixated a target within 1 sec, we record this as “failed” but continue with the next
         one)

b) Improving the data files
    i) SRT for the final target MUST be the latency between the onset of this target and the initiation time of the
       saccade that left the current target and landed on the final target.  If a saccade leaves the current target and
       doesn’t land on the final target we would want to record what happens (up until the 1 sec timeout) while
       recording this as “imperfect"
    ii) I’d like the summary file to record the SRTs (or timeouts) for all the previous targets, along with the X, Y
        coordinates of each target.
        Let’s do these in reverse order so that say, column X has the SRT for the last EM (the only one saved now), and
        X+1 has the previous one, etc.  “time out” would be recorded for any targets that were not fixated (instead of
        the latency).  This way Colin’s analysis program can reliable get the important data from a particular column
        but he can also write code to deal with what happened before if he is interested.
    iii) There needs to be thorough handshaking between the experimental program and the EDF files. The global condition
         codes (present, absent, removed; 1 or 2 back; angle; etc. should be recorded in the EDF file and whenever the
         experimental program does something (like present a target or remove a background) an event code needs to be
         sent to the EDF file so what happened and when is recorded there.  If we lose a summary file we ought to be
         able to generate one from the EDF file.



TO TEST:
 - make sure the fixation timeout works
